# Table Of Contents

 - [Introduction](#introduction)
 - [Version](#version)
 - [Usage](#usage)
     - [Pull The Image](#pull-the-image)
     - [Run The Image](#run-the-image)
 - [Configuration](#configuration)
     - [Available Configuration Parameters](#available-configuration-parameters) 
 - [References](#references)

# Introduction

Dockerfile to build a shellinabox container image.

# Version

Current Version: **2.20**

# Usage

## Pull The Image

Pull the latest image, which is *HEAD* of the git repository.

```bash
docker pull sspreitzer/shellinabox:latest
```

## Run The Image

For example.

```bash
docker run -p 4200:4200 -e SIAB_PASSWORD=xyz678abc -e SIAB_SUDO=true sspreitzer/shellinabox:latest
```

# Configuration

## Available Configuration Parameters

 - **SIAB_USERCSS**: String of configured and enabled css extensions. Defaults to system default list.
 - **SIAB_PORT** The port where shellinabox should listen to. Defaults to 4200.
 - **SIAB_ADDUSER** Whether to create a default user. Defaults to true.
 - **SIAB_USER** The name of the user. Defaults to guest.
 - **SIAB_USERID** The numeric ID of the user. Defaults to 1000.
 - **SIAB_GROUP** The primary group of the user. Defaults to guest.
 - **SIAB_GROUPID** The numeric ID of the primary group of the user. Defaults to 1000.
 - **SIAB_PASSWORD** The password of the user. Defaults to an autogenerated password, printed out on stdout.
 - **SIAB_SHELL** The shell of the user. Defaults to /bin/bash.
 - **SIAB_HOME** The home directory of the user. Defaults to /home/guest.
 - **SIAB_SUDO** Whether to allow user to sudo. Defaults to false.
 - **SIAB_SSL** Whether to enable ssl and create certificates on request. Defaults to true.
 - **SIAB_SERVICE** Service strings to use for shellinabox, separated by whitespace. Defaults to local logins */:LOGIN*.
 - **SIAB_PKGS** Packages to be installed before shellinabox starts. Defaults to none.
 - **SIAB_SCRIPT** Script to download and run before shellinabox start. SSL verification is disabled. Defaults to none.

# References

 * https://github.com/sameersbn/docker-gitlab/blob/master/README.md
 * https://github.com/spali/docker-shellinabox

